tikv: the calculation of `raft-log-gc-count-limit` should be based on 1 KiB instead of 1 MiB (#21966)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

### `raft-log-gc-count-limit`

+ The hard limit on the allowable number of residual Raft logs

> + Default value: the number of logs that can fit into 3/4 of the Region size, calculated assuming each log is 1KiB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Default value: the number of logs that can fit into 3/4 of the Region size, calculated assuming each log is 1 KiB
```
